Division of Labour:
For the first Milestone we will divide work in the following way: Suwetha will create the repository and add the rest of us to it and submit the milestone by tagging a release.  Justin (Yiwang) will make the ReadMe file and do the first draft of the troubleshoot document. Nick will create the first draft of the Teamwork Contract and edit the troubleshoot document. Liam will do the Markdown formatting for the ReadMe and troubleshoot document. All of us will submit at least one merge request, create and respond to issues, and merge at least one pull request over the course of the project.

Timing: 
We will each aim to submit all of our pull requests by at least 24 hours before the deadline, although ideally more. We will confirm that each member has completed all required steps and made their desired contributions to the project before submitting a Milestone. Moving forward we will meet at least a week before the milestone deadline to divide tasks and confirm roles. We will generally aim to have most work finished two days before the deadline so that we can spend the final two days making edits.

Communication:
We will communicate using Slack for planning, organizing, and broader questions about the project. For more specific questions we will communicate using Github Issues. We expect group members to respond to both Slack and Github Issues within 24 hours at the latest, although rapid responses are preferred, especially if someone is asking a questions about an issue they need help resolving. We will hold a zoom meeting that all members can attend for the second Milestone but use asynchronous communication for the first Milestone. 
